How to Hack Bonobo

Nat Friedman (nat@nat.org)

    All changes to Bonobo must be approved before they can be
committed.  Mail your patch (created using diff -u) along with a
*detailed* ChangeLog and a description of the changes (if they are
non-trivial) to gnome-components-list@gnome.org, and do not apply it
until it is approved by either Michael or Miguel.

    Bonobo will serve as the foundation for component-based
application development in GNOME.  Modern GNOME applications will
therefore be built out of Bonobo components.  One of the goals of the
component model is to allow developers to produce robust and
maintainable applications.  So it is of central importance that the
code for the Bonobo component model be clean and well-documented.
Component developers will base their code on the infrastructure Bonobo
hackers are creating, and so it is critical that Bonobo set a
precedent for high-quality software.

    Please following the following guidelines when you contribute code
to Bonobo:

. Follow the GNOME Programming Guidelines.

	All of the Bonobo source code must follow the GNOME
	Programming Guidelines in terms of formatting style
	and programming technique.  In particular, Bonobo code
	should be indented with 8-space tabs.  Emacs users can
	execute the following elisp to use this indentation
	style:

		(set-c-style "K&R")
		(setq c-basic-offset 8)

	Indentation is just one part of the GNOME Programming
	Guidelines, so please read them.  The programming
	guidelines can be found in the white-papers CVS
	module.

. All Bonobo interface methods and API routines must be
  documented.  The documentation should be placed in-line
  in the C file or the IDL file using the GtkDoc system.
  Please see the doc/authors.txt file in the gtk-doc CVS
  module.

. All C and IDL source files must have a comment at the
  beginning which briefly describes the purpose and function
  of the code in the file.

. Bonobo is quite complex in some parts, and it is important
  that developers be able to track the changes that occur.
  For this reason, please provide ChangeLog entries for any
  modifications you make to Bonobo.

* Be honest with your code.  If something's broken, write FIXME in a
  comment near it.  We use "FIXME" in Bonobo, not XXX or !!! or any of
  that rubbish.

	Build sheriff commits are welcome - in accordance with the
relevant build sheriff constraints.
